docs(sca): documentation related to the new SCA mode (#2455)
bonitasoft/bonita-doc: modules/build-run/pages/build-application.adoc

.Build the application archive and configuration
[source,shell]
----
$ my-project> mvn clean package
----

NOTE: When a project uses local dependencies (dependencies that have been imported as jar or zip file in the Studio), it is mandatory to first run the following command: `mvn bonita-project:install`.

The result of this command is an application archive located in the `app/target` folder of the project. The name of the archive follow this pattern: `${project.artifactId}-${project.version}-${bonita.environment}.zip`. It contains all the build artifacts of the project. An optional Bonita configuration file is also created if at least one process of your project contains a parameter.

WARNING: This application archive is not an executable. It can be used with the xref:{bcdDocVersion}@bcd::deployer.adoc[la-deployer] using the deprecated _Platform mode_.

To produce an executable for an application, it is possible to either package it as:

* A Tomcat bundle
* A Docker image

=== Tomcat bundle packaging
[#bundle-package]

.Build using the Tomcat bundle packaging
[source,shell]
----

> $ my-project> mvn clean package -Pbundle <1>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
mvn clean package -Pbundle <1>
```
Avoid a command prefix: this break the copy button usage

----
<1> `-Pbundle` or `-P bundle` in Windows terminal, activate a Maven profile that trigger Tomcat Bundle build during the package phase of the build lifecycle.

The output application binary can be found in the `my-project/app/target` folder. The name of the binary will follow this pattern: `${project.artifactId}-${project.version}-${bonita.environment}-bundle.zip`.

By default, the `bonita.environment` is set to `local`. To override this value, you may add the `-Dbonita.environment=production` system property to the above command, where `production` is an existing environment in the project.

=== Docker image packaging
[#docker-package]

.Build using the Docker packaging
[source,shell]
----

> $ my-project> mvn clean package -Pdocker <1>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
mvn clean package -Pdocker <1>
```
Avoid a command prefix: this break the copy button usage

= Build an Application

:description: How to build an Application from a Bonita project.

== Prerequisites
[#prerequisites]

* https://adoptium.net/temurin/releases/?version=11[Java 11]
* https://maven.apache.org/download.cgi[Maven]
* https://www.docker.com/[Docker] (if target packaging is a Docker image)
* Internet with full access to:
** Maven Central repository

> ** xref:software-extensibility:bonita-repository-access.adoc#maven-settings[Bonita Artifact Repository] (for building projects using Enterprise edition)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
** xref:software-extensibility:bonita-repository-access.adoc#docker[Bonita Artifact Repository] (for building projects using Enterprise edition)
```

> ** xref:software-extensibility:bonita-repository-access.adoc#maven-settings[Bonita Artifact Repository] (for building projects using Enterprise edition)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
** xref:software-extensibility:bonita-repository-access.adoc[Bonita Artifact Repository] (for building projects using Subscription editions)
```

----
<1> `-Pbundle` or `-P bundle` in Windows terminal, activate a Maven profile that triggers Tomcat Bundle build during the package phase of the build lifecycle.

The output application binary can be found in the `my-project/app/target` folder. The name of the binary will follow this pattern: `${project.artifactId}-${project.version}-${bonita.environment}-bundle.zip`.

By default, the `bonita.environment` is set to `local`. To override this value, you may add the `-Dbonita.environment=production` system property to the above command, where `production` is an existing environment in the project.

=== Docker image packaging
[#docker-package]

.Build using the Docker packaging
[source,shell]
----
mvn clean package -Pdocker <1>
----
<1> `-Pdocker` or `-P docker` in Windows terminal, activate a Maven profile that triggers Docker image build during the package phase of the build lifecycle. Docker must be installed and available in the _PATH_ environment variable of your terminal session.

The output application binary is a Docker image. The name of the image will follow this pattern: `${project.artifactId}-${bonita.environment}:${project.version}`.

[NOTE]
--

> When building an Enterprise Edition project, make sure to be xref:software-extensibility:bonita-repository-access.adoc#docker-configuration[logged in the `bonitasoft.jfrog.io` registry] first.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When building a project with Subscription editions, make sure to be xref:software-extensibility:bonita-repository-access.adoc#docker-configuration[logged in the `bonitasoft.jfrog.io` registry] first.
```

--

=== Build options

[TIP]
--
When using a Windows terminal, a space must be added between the `-D` flag and the `property=value` assignment.
--

* `-Dbonita.environment`: `local` by default. Select the target environment to use when building. The value is case-insensitive.
* `-Dbonita.allowEmptyFormMapping`: `false` by default. It is possible to set this flag to `true` to keep the legacy behavior of the `la-builder`.

==== Filtering artifacts to include/exclude

* `-Dinclude.organizations`: `*.xml` by default. Glob pattern expression to select organization file to include in the application binary. Only one or no organization file should be included.

> * `-Dinclude.profiles`: `*.xml` by default. Glob pattern expression to select profiles files to include in the application binary.footnote:[Enterprise only.]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `-Dinclude.profiles`: `*.xml` by default. Glob pattern expression to select profiles files to include in the application binary.footnote:[Subscription editions only.]
```

* `-Dinclude.applications`: `*.xml` by default. Glob pattern expression to select application descriptor files to include in the application binary.
* `-Dinclude.processes`: `*.bar` by default. Glob pattern expression to select business archive files to include in the application binary.
* `-Dinclude.pages`: `*.zip` by default. Glob pattern expression to UI Designer pages files to include in the application binary.

==== Docker build options

> * `-Ddocker.baseImageRepository`: `bonita` by default. When creating a project with the Enterprise Edition, this property is replaced by `bonitasoft.jfrog.io/docker/bonita-subscription`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `-Ddocker.baseImageRepository`: `bonita` by default. When creating a project with Subscription editions, this property is replaced by `bonitasoft.jfrog.io/docker/bonita-subscription`.
```

  version: "1.4.1"
  parameters:
  - name: "calendarApplicationName"
    value: "Bonitasoft-NewVacationRequest/1.4.0"
    type: "String"
- name: "P3"
  version: "1.4.1"
  parameters:
  - name: "calendarApplicationName"
    value: "Bonitasoft-NewVacationRequest/1.4.0"
    type: "String"
global_parameters:
  - name: "emailNotificationSender"
    value: "vacation-notification@mail.com"
    type: "String"
  - name: "emailServerUseSSL"
    value: true
    type: "Boolean"
----

The result of *merge-configuration* goal execution will be:

* The value of *_emailServerUseSSL_* in *global_parameters* will override *P1, P2, P3*.
* The value of *_emailNotificationSender_* in *global_parameters* will override only *P2 and P3* because the setting of *_emailNotificationSender_* in *P1* has priority.
* The value of *_emailNotificationSender_* in *P1* will override only the parameter of *P1*.
You may want to complete or override some parameter values coming from your Living App repository, to do that you can modify the output file of the *extract-conf* command and *_merge_* with your *_bconf_* file.

[.troubleshooting-title]
== Troubleshooting

[.troubleshooting-section]
--
[.symptom]

> I cannot package my process on SCA mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
I cannot package my process in Application mode.
```
(we should not use the self-contained or sca keywords here)
